Add native v4 workflow attribute events (#2226)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/native-attribute-events.md

---
'workflow': minor
'@workflow/core': minor
'@workflow/world': minor
'@workflow/world-local': minor
'@workflow/world-postgres': minor
'@workflow/world-vercel': minor
---

> Add native event-based attribute setting and allow passing initial run attributes through `start()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow passing initial run attributes through `start()`, and speed up workflow-level `setAttribute` calls by using native events for recording attributes.
```

---
'workflow': minor
'@workflow/core': minor
'@workflow/world': minor
'@workflow/world-local': minor
'@workflow/world-postgres': minor
---

> Add native v4 attribute events and seed run attributes through `start()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add native event-based attribute setting and allow passing initial run attributes through `start()`.
```

Author: Applied in `3e47234d`; the changeset now uses the suggested user-facing wording.
